Currently, thinking about a soul-knight style game, where you can shoot at enemies, enemies shoot at you, there are obstacles, and you need to traverse the map and reach the end. 

Aesthetic Goals: 
Challenge, in the sense that it should challenge the player to dodge enemy attacks, and kill enemies as fast as possible. 
If it is easy for the player to die, yet still clear to the player that it is possible to win, then this is a success. 

Discovery, in the sense that the player should be able to discover new things, and find encounter unexpected features/enemies
If new things the player comes across are interesting and unexpected, then this is a success. 
It is good if the player finds themself wondering how a feature works, and can experiment with it. 

Core Loop:
The core gameplay loop here is the player enters a new room, and in the room, enemies spawn and shoot at the player. The player can shoot at enemies, killing them. 
Upon completing a room, the player gets healed, and gains some gold. 
The player can roam around the map, finding new rooms, finding chests that provide upgrades to the player's weapon, or finding merchants that sell upgrades/heals. 
Eventually, the player will find the exit, beating the game. 

The roaming should fulfill the discovery aspect, and the player should be able to experiment with different weapons/upgrades. 
Fighting enemies and having ways to mitigate damage/heal should fulfill the challenge goal. 


Development Process:
I will begin the development of this by implementing a simple player avatar, that can move around and shoot at a fixed object. 
The camera should follow the player. 

Never mind on camera following the player, I decided to create separate scenes for each room. 
Added objects for doors going in all 4 directions and a player object. 

Created chest object, will work on giving the player a gun first before implementing shooting
Added animations to chest object, and made the chest give the player a gun. 

Now working on making the enemies, and allowing the player to shoot. 
Additionally, creating functionality to track the number of enemies alive, and to clear the room. 

Just spent 2 hours working on enemy AI, gave up and now they will run around randomly
Also tried to load multiple scenes for the rooms, but then realized it would be way easier to just have everything in one scene
Thus, I duplicated my room and now I have a bunch of rooms. 
Then, I made the doors move you between the rooms, and made a boss door. 

I added functionality for enemies to shoot
Also added a health counter, and a damage invulnerability time after getting hit
Enemies do damage when they shoot, and also do damage when they melee attack you

I added a Wall prefab, and created the first basic room. 
Might make the basic room harder later. 

Now, working on the chest room. Added chest functionality to pick up the weapon inside, and put it back. 
Will be useful for chest room, when the player can switch the guns inside the chest. 

Added a bow and machine gun, with different properties
Bow arrows should rotate based on the direction it is traveling

Added a gold counter system, and worked on some sprites for the merchant
Created the merchant, and made the merchant sell a bow and potions
Made the weapons rotate based on where your mouse is, and made them shoot continuously when you hold left click

Created two new rooms with walls and enemies
Now working on the boss. I plan to create a health bar for the boss as well. 

Scratch the health bar, I'm lazy
I made the boss room and the boss. 
Also, added sounds to the game


